Remove the Wallet Attestation Schema and point to OpenID4VCI instead (#153)
openid/oid4vc-haip: openid4vc-high-assurance-interoperability-profile-1_0.md

## Token Endpoint {#token-endpoint}

   * The Wallets MUST perform client authentication as defined in (#wallet-attestation).
   * Refresh tokens are RECOMMENDED to be supported for credential refresh. For details, see Section 13.5 in [@!OIDF.OID4VCI].
   
Note: It is RECOMMENDED to use ephemeral client attestation JWTs for client authentication in order to prevent linkability across Credential Issuers.

Note: Issuers should be mindful of how long the usage of the refresh token is allowed to refresh a credential, as opposed to starting the issuance flow from the beginning. For example, if the User is trying to refresh a credential more than a year after its original issuance, the usage of the refresh tokens is NOT RECOMMENDED.

### Wallet Attestation {#wallet-attestation}

Wallets MUST use wallet attestations as defined in Annex E of [@!OIDF.OID4VCI].

> To obtain the issuer's Public key for verification, Wallet Attestions MUST support web-based key resolution as defined in Section 5 of [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc]. The JOSE header `kid` MUST be used to identify the respective key.

Reviewer: during the WG call, agreed to mandate `x5c` only as a starting point.

Author: ```suggestion
The issuer of the Wallet Attestation MUST use x509 certificates to sign and convey trust information. The JOSE header `x5c` MUST be used to identify the respective key.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To obtain the issuer's Public key for verification, Wallet Attestions MUST support x.509 certificates. The JOSE header `x5c` MUST be used to identify the respective certificate.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Wallet Attestation MUST contain the X.509 certificate of the issuer along with an optional trust chain in the `x5c` JOSE header. The public key contained X.509 certificate MUST be used to verify the signature of the Wallet Attestation JWT.
```

Author: I dislike "obtain", as we are not obtaining anything with x5c

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The public key, and optionally a trust chain, used to validate the signature on the Wallet Attestation MUST be included in the `x5c` JOSE header.
```

## Token Endpoint {#token-endpoint}

>    * The Wallets MUST perform client authentication as defined in (#wallet-attestation).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   * The Wallets MUST perform client authentication using wallet attestations as defined in Annex D of [@!OIDF.OID4VCI].
```

   * Refresh tokens are RECOMMENDED to be supported for credential refresh. For details, see Section 13.5 in [@!OIDF.OID4VCI].
   
Note: It is RECOMMENDED to use ephemeral client attestation JWTs for client authentication in order to prevent linkability across Credential Issuers.

Note: Issuers should be mindful of how long the usage of the refresh token is allowed to refresh a credential, as opposed to starting the issuance flow from the beginning. For example, if the User is trying to refresh a credential more than a year after its original issuance, the usage of the refresh tokens is NOT RECOMMENDED.

> ### Wallet Attestation Schema {#wallet-attestation}

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> ### Wallet Attestation Schema {#wallet-attestation}

Author: ```suggestion
### Wallet Attestation {#wallet-attestation}
```

> Wallets MUST use wallet attestations as defined in Annex D of [@!OIDF.OID4VCI].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> Wallets MUST use wallet attestations as defined in Annex D of [@!OIDF.OID4VCI].

Author: ```suggestion
Wallets MUST use wallet attestations as defined in Annex E of [@!OIDF.OID4VCI].
```

> To obtain the issuer's Public key for verification, wallet attestions MUST support web-based key resolution as defined in Section 5 of [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc]. The JOSE header `kid` MUST be used to identify the respective key.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To obtain the issuer's Public key for verification, Wallet Attestions MUST support web-based key resolution as defined in Section 5 of [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc]. The JOSE header `kid` MUST be used to identify the respective key.
```
